Join Hangar162!
===============

We're excited that you're considering joining our engineering team, and hope
that you will find the process revealing and a little bit fun. We know that the
interview process can be stressful and we appreciate your willingness to put in
the time to help us get to know each other. To try and lay out the roadmap, here
is what we typically expect to happen:

-   You find out about us and about an opportunity that interests you. The fact
    that you're reading this means you've probably crossed that hurdle already.

-   We ask you to take some time and dive into the technologies that we use and
    to complete a few simple coding exercises (See the ["Getting
    Started"](#getting-started) section for details).

-   We'll review your answers and, if we think there might be a fit, contact you
    for a short (30min typically) call to discuss the company and the product,
    as well as a longer call (typically 60m) where we'll discuss various
    technical topics and ask you to think on your feet a little bit.

These Exercises
===============

In our experience, the best test of someone's fit and ability to write code with
us is... to have him or her write code with us. While our interview process
involves the standard elements (phone screen, in-depth discussion of technical
issues and problem solving), we also feel strongly that you should just write
real code that looks and feels most like what you'll be doing with us on a
day-to-day basis.

Each job for which we hire has a directory in this repository with a set of
files and some code to write. See the README.md file in each directory for
specifics for each position.

Our expectation is that, for qualified candidates, the exercises should take no
more than 30-60 mins to complete. We are available to give clarification and to
fix errors in the exercises, but we'll otherwise expect that you can complete
the tests and run the code without our help. 

Getting Started
==========================================

We've made these examples public so that you don't have to jump through any
hoops or ask for anything special to see what we're all about. In theory, there
is nothing to stop you from creating a public fork and checking in your answers
to show the world. We hope that you won't do that, and in order to keep your
answers from becoming public knowledge, request that you do the following when
working with us on these:

-   Create a clone of this repository somewhere for yourself and do whatever
    work you need to do to complete your exercises:

        $ git clone https://github.com/h162/candidates.git work-dir

-   When you're ready to submit, make sure you check in your final changes to
    your local repo. You can check in locally as often as you like of course,
    but make sure you check in your final change as well.

-   Create a patch file and mail it to us at work@hangar162.com. Assuming you're
    in this working directory, you can create a patch file for all of the work
    you've done with this command:
        
        $ git format-patch origin/master..master --stdout > /tmp/patch
    
    Then add `/tmp/patch` as an attachment to your email to us and we'll take a
    look!

About Hangar162
===============

Humans use a lot of mediums to make and communicate meaning, many of which
obscure the direct and common sense approach of seeing things for yourself.

There is loss in the execution of the vision when distance is involved. In all
of the emails, spreadsheets, powerpoints along the way something is lost. The
final product can fall short of the ideal. We are there to fill that gap. To
bring reality closer to your vision.

This product is a tool for organizations that value culture, that value the
contributions of their employees, that want people to love, absolutely love,
coming to work.

Hangar 162 is building a video communication platform.

As an individual, it is powerful way to privately share what's going on where
you are with family and friends.

As a business, it is a simple and inexpensive video solution that requires no
integration. From a general contractor showing clients progress on their house
to a large retailer checking-in with hundreds of store managers, our product
gives you greater visibility into what's going on in different parts of your
business.

